Content: Add Cutlass (Pirate Gunboat) (#8104)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/ships.txt

ship "Cutlass"
	sprite "ship/pirate cutlass"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/pirate cutlass"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		"cost" 3200000
		"shields" 5800
		"hull" 1800
		"required crew" 8
		"bunks" 12
		"mass" 173
		"drag" 3.
		"heat dissipation" .75
		"fuel capacity" 600
		"cargo space" 50
		"outfit space" 297
		"weapon capacity" 141
		"engine capacity" 90
		weapon
			"blast radius" 72
			"shield damage" 720
			"hull damage" 360
			"hit force" 1080
	outfits
		"Heavy Laser" 4
		"Heavy Laser Turret"
		
		"RT-I Radiothermal"
		"LP144a Battery Pack"
		"D14-RN Shield Generator"
		"Small Radar Jammer"
		"Tactical Scanner"
		
		"X3700 Ion Thruster"
		"X2200 Ion Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
		
	engine -12 57.5 0.7
	engine 12 57.5 0.7
	gun -16 -38 
	gun 16 -38 
	gun -28.5 -27.5
	gun 28.5 -27.5
	turret 0 -1 "Heavy Laser Turret"
	leak "leak" 50 50
	leak "flame" 80 80
	explode "tiny explosion" 10
	explode "small explosion" 20
	explode "medium explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description `Modified from captured Navy Gunboats, thought little some pirates could do to improve the already advanced shielding they can still weld on a few extra reinforcements and an extra pair of guns giving them a tough and reasonably fast gun platform to quickly attack, plunder, and escape.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `This ship is  a modified version of a captured Navy Gunboat. Although there is little most pirates can do to improve the already advanced shielding they can still weld on a few extra hull reinforcements and an extra pair of guns giving them a tough and reasonably fast gun platform to quickly attack, plunder, and escape.`
```

ship "Cutlass"
	plural "Cutlasses"
	sprite "ship/pirate cutlass"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/pirate cutlass"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		"cost" 3500000
		"shields" 5800
		"hull" 1800
		"required crew" 8
		"bunks" 12
		"mass" 173
		"drag" 3.
		"heat dissipation" .75
		"fuel capacity" 600
		"cargo space" 56
		"outfit space" 297
		"weapon capacity" 141
		"engine capacity" 90
		weapon
			"blast radius" 72
			"shield damage" 720
			"hull damage" 360
			"hit force" 1080
	outfits
		"Heavy Laser" 4
		"Heavy Laser Turret"
		
		"Dwarf Core"
		"LP144a Battery Pack"
		"D14-RN Shield Generator"
		"Small Radar Jammer"
		"Tactical Scanner"
		
		"A370 Atomic Thruster"
		"A255 Atomic Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
		
	engine -12 57.5 0.7
	engine 12 57.5 0.7
	gun -16 -38 
	gun 16 -38 
	gun -28.5 -27.5
	gun 28.5 -27.5
	turret 0 -1 "Heavy Laser Turret"
	leak "leak" 50 50
	leak "flame" 80 80
	explode "tiny explosion" 10
	explode "small explosion" 20
	explode "medium explosion" 15
	"final explode" "final explosion small"

> 	description `This ship is  a modified version of a captured Navy Gunboat. Although there is little most pirates can do to improve the already advanced shielding they can still weld on a few extra hull reinforcements and an extra pair of guns giving them a tough and reasonably fast gun platform to quickly attack, plunder, and escape.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `This ship is a modified version of a captured Navy Gunboat. Although there is little most pirates can do to improve the already advanced shielding, they can still weld on a few extra hull reinforcements and an extra pair of guns. This gives them a tough and reasonably fast gun platform to quickly attack, plunder, and escape.`
```
Extra space and comma needed, but also that sentence really would be best broken up. It could still be improved on from this, for sure, but I thought this was the simplest change.
